patch: [DPE-9830] Promotion by revision (#366)
canonical/data-platform-workflows: .github/workflows/_promote_charms_by_revision.md

Workflow file: [_promote_charms_by_revision.yaml](_promote_charms_by_revision.yaml)

> [!WARNING]
> Experimental and PoC for the time being.

## Limitations

- All charms must be released to the same track.
- [If using refresh tags] All charms must share an identical charm refresh compatibility version tag.

## Usage
### Step 1: Add `promote.yaml` file to `.github/workflows/`
```yaml
# Copyright 2026 Canonical Ltd.
# See LICENSE file for licensing details.
name: Promote charms by revision

on:
  workflow_dispatch:
    inputs:
      revisions:
        description: |

>          Comma-separated list of git revision tags to promote (e.g. 'rev12,rev124')

Reviewer: Needs to reproduce the example in the workflow:

```suggestion
          Comma-separated list of git revision tags to promote.
          These must match the tags pushed by the release workflow.

          Single-charm repo example: 'rev123,rev124'
          Monorepo example: 'mysql/rev123,mysql-k8s/rev124'
```
